=== README

== This is a Test application for Lonely Planet company

Steps to run the application on your local environment:

1. Setup RVM to handle muntiple ruby applications.

  https://rvm.io/

2. Install Ruby -v 2.1.0 and all the dependencies.

3. Do a checkout of the project.

4. Run the command 'bundle install' to install all the gems required.

5. Run the server. Most commonly Webrick
    'rails server'


== Application Notes

The application already has pushed two example files for Destinations.xml and
Taxonomy.xml, these files are in
 "lib/files/destination/destinations.xml"
and
 "lib/files/taxonomy/taxonomy.xml"

When you start the application, you will see that it requires both files, it
will be asking you to set the path of the files you want to run (you can use these
ones if you like). After both paths are set, you can reload the page and
start looking the great information stored on the files, but now in your browser :)

You can choose any Destination clicking its name on the navigation tree in the right
side of the browser, once you click a Destination, the information will be replace it
and you are now availbale to see it. Also, to add a little bit more fun, we are
hidden/showing the children of the Destination clicked.

== Developer Notes

Sadly, the real short time (about 6 hours total) we had to develop this application,
it was imposible do it with all my coding criterias.

= Things we want to change/add:

* Add more tests. (A lot more)
* Have all the functionality based on 100% TDD (TDD with Integration tests FTW!).
* Add more security on the fields to set the paths for the files.
* Change the HTML template to use SLIM.
* On the navigation tree, instead of the Destination hide/show its children, we want to have an
  icon to specificaly do this behavior.
* Do a little bit more of refactoring.
* Definitely improve the commits.
* Push it to heroku.
